# Multi-label classification of real estate offices' amenities using Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)
Within the course _**Trends in business analytics I (4IZ481)**_ we had to introduce a business solution of unstructured data usage with partial implementation in Python. Our team came up with a business solution which combines both image processing and natural language processing.

Particularly, based on our research, we introduced a model for an object detection which helps to detect and recognize the real estates' amenities and then outputs a list of amenities which given real estate has, based on the provided real-estate pictures. Afterwards, such predicted amenities' lists are used as keywords for text generator of a property listing for a real-estate advertisement.

Our partial solution regarded the image processing of real-estate amenities using Keras and Tensorflow. We'd been provided with web-scrapped dataset of offices' pictures and file with their amenities' annotations. After image preprocessing such as loading the pictures as 3D arrays with further reshaping, normalization and conversion into tensors, we then trained a custom Convolutional Neural Network for a multi-label classification for calculation of a probability for each amenity. Such probabilities were assigned to each offices' picture.

Within the evaluation, our goal was to get amenities' average probabilities aggregated by the offices, which were then used for a classification of the amenities' occurrences. Using the predicted amenities' occurrences (predicted labels), we then compare them to the actual amenities occurrences (true labels), based on which we computed an average accuracy as a ratio of correctly classified amenity's occurrences to the total number of predictions.

Although the model performed well on the test set with respect to the amenities such as gym or shower, regarding the other amenities the model wasn't able to detect them at all. We recommended to improve image preprocessing. perform a hyperparameter tuning or mainly sample only quality offices' pictures with high resolution.
